docs: updates for 1.8 & 1.9 (#2022)
kubeshop/monokle: docs/images.md

# Working with Images

Monokle has a dedicated Images panel which can be accessed from the left menu:

![Images Panel](img/images-panel-1-8-0.png)

> This panel will show the list of all images that were found in the Navigator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This panel will show the list of all images that are found in the Navigator.
```

The list of images will changed based on the Mode you're in:
- Local mode
- Preview mode (Helm or Kustomize)
- Cluster mode

Clicking on an Image will select it and will open an Image Details panel on top of the Editor.

> In the panel, you will find basic information about the image and you can browse the tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the panel, you will find basic information about the image and browse the image's tags.
```

Hovering over an image will show the "Replace" action:

> ![Image Replace Hover](img/images-panel-hover-1-8-0.png)

Reviewer: This image has a red line on top of the word 'Replace'.

Clicking on it will open a modal which allow you to enter a new tag for that image:

![Image Replace Tag](img/images-panel-replace-1-8-0.png)

> After clicking on "Done", the tag will be replaced to the newly specified value across all your resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After clicking "Done", the tag will be replaced with the newly specified value across all your resources.
```
